Adding section about OBO behavior change in 4_51_0 (#367)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/acquiring-tokens/web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md

Reviewer: We can update the code snippet on line 121 and paragraph below to something like this:
```csharp
try {
    var authResult = await ((ILongRunningWebApi)confidentialClientApp)
         .AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess(
              scopes,
              sessionKey)
         .ExecuteAsync();
} catch (MsalClientException) {
    // No tokens were found with this cache key.
    // First call InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi with a valid user assertion
    // to acquire tokens from Microsoft Entra ID and cache them.
} catch (MsalUiRequiredException) {
    // A refresh token was used to acquire new tokens
    // but Microsoft Entra ID requires the user to sign-in again.
    // Trigger your app's user sign-in to acquire a fresh user assertion
    // and then call InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi.
}
```
```text
Pass the `sessionKey` which is associated with the current user's session and will be used to retrieve the related OBO token. If the token is expired, MSAL will use the cached refresh token to acquire a new OBO access token from Microsoft Entra ID and cache it. If no token is found with this `sessionKey`, MSAL will throw a `MsalClientException`. Make sure to acquire a valid user token and call `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` first before calling this method.
```

Reviewer 2: @bgavrilMS do you want to make this change, or I can add it from a PR as well?

Author: This looks good, I think we should add it

Author: Updated

`userAccessToken` is a user access token used to call this web API. `sessionKey` will be used as a key when caching and retrieving the OBO token. If set to `null`, MSAL will set it to the assertion hash of the passed-in user token. It can also be set by the developer to something that identifies a specific user session, like the optional `sid` claim from the user token (for more information, see [Provide optional claims to your app](/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims)). `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` doesn't check the cache; it will use the user token to acquire a new OBO token from Microsoft Entra ID, which will then be cached and returned.

2. In the long-running process, whenever OBO token is needed, you call `AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess` in the following pattern:

```csharp
try {  
    var authResult = await ((ILongRunningWebApi)confidentialClientApp)  
         .AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess(  
              scopes,  
              sessionKey)  
         .ExecuteAsync();  

> } catch (MsalClientException) {  

Reviewer 3: Seems too general, should it be more like `catch (MsalClientException e) when e.Code=="foo"` ?

    // No tokens were found with this cache key.  

>     // First call InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi with a valid user assertion  

Reviewer 3: Instead of a comment, why don't you add code?

Author: Comments help describe what is happening in complex scenarios like this. I think we can add both

    // to acquire tokens from Microsoft Entra ID and cache them.  
} catch (MsalUiRequiredException) {  

>     // A refresh token was used to acquire new tokens  

Reviewer 3: Too general purpose, might as well show how to create a WWW-Authenticate header? At least pseudocode / as a comment. 

Or point to Microsoft.Identity.Web product code that does this.

Author: Wouldnt claims already be in the exception in this case? So we can have them prompt the user to sign in and then try again.

Actually, it would be a `MsalClaimsChallengeException`` in this case

Reviewer 3: How can a web api prompt a user? Only the client can prompt a user. The web api responds with `401 WWW-Authenticate Bearer claims={foo}` to indicate that a prompt is needed.

Author: Oh ok, I misread your comment. I can update

              scopes,  
              sessionKey)  
         .ExecuteAsync();  
}
catch (MsalClientException ex) {  
    // No tokens were found with this cache key.  
    // First call InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi with a valid user assertion
    // to acquire tokens from Microsoft Entra ID and cache them.
    if (ex.ErrorCode == MsalError.OboCacheKeyNotInCacheError)
    {
          authResult = await ((ILongRunningWebApi)confidentialClientApp)
         .InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi(
              scopes,
              userAccessToken,//Valid access token
              ref sessionKey)
         .ExecuteAsync();
    }

} catch (MsalUiRequiredException ex) {  
    // A refresh token was used to acquire new tokens  
    // but Microsoft Entra ID requires the user to sign-in again.  
    // Trigger your app's user sign-in again by replying with a 401 + WWW-Authenticate  
    // Then call InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi once a new access token is acquired from the user
     httpResponse.StatusCode = (int)HttpStatusCode.Forbidden;
     httpResponse.Headers[HeaderNames.WWWAuthenticate] = $"Bearer claims={ex.Claims}, error={ex.Message};
}
```

> Pass the `sessionKey` which is associated with the current user's session and will be used to retrieve the related OBO token. If the token is expired, MSAL will use the cached refresh token to acquire a new OBO access token from Microsoft Entra ID and cache it. If no token is found with this `sessionKey`, MSAL will throw a `MsalClientException` or a `MsalUiRequiredException`. Make sure to acquire a valid user token and call `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` if this is the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the `sessionKey` which is associated with the current user's session and will be used to retrieve the related OBO token. If the token is expired, MSAL will use the cached refresh token to acquire a new OBO access token from Microsoft Entra ID and cache it. If no token is found with this `sessionKey`, MSAL will throw an `MsalClientException` or a `MsalUiRequiredException`. Make sure to acquire a valid user token and call `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` if this is the case.
```

Starting with MSAL 4.51.0, to remove cached tokens call `StopLongRunningProcessInWebApiAsync` passing in a cache key. With earlier MSAL versions, it is recommended to use L2 cache eviction policies. If immediate removal is needed, delete the L2 cache node associated with the `sessionKey`.

### Troubleshooting

> If you are updating MSAL.NET from 4.50.0 to 4.51.0+, there is a chance that `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` will stop returning tokens and throw an exception if you are relying upon it to return tokens to you after the long running process is already initiated and there is a token in the cache for the specified cache key. There is a subtle change in behavior here where `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` no longer goes to the cache to acquire tokens. Please use `AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess` to continue to access the currently active long running process.  The `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` should only be used to initiate the process in 4.51.0+. If it is not possible to make these changes quickly, and you are updating to 4.54.1+ you can use `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi().WithSearchInCacheForLongRunningProcess()`. to temporarily revert the behavior of `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` to 4.50.0.

Author: `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi().WithSearchInCacheForLongRunningProcess()` is tenicaly a workaround a

> If you are updating MSAL.NET from 4.50.0 to 4.51.0+, there is a chance that `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` will stop returning tokens and throw an exception if you are relying upon it to return tokens to you after the long running process is already initiated and there is a token in the cache for the specified cache key. There is a subtle change in behavior here where `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` no longer goes to the cache to acquire tokens. Please use `AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess` to continue to access the currently active long running process.  The `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` should only be used to initiate the process in 4.51.0+. If it is not possible to make these changes quickly, and you are updating to 4.54.1+ you can use `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi().WithSearchInCacheForLongRunningProcess()`. to temporarily revert the behavior of `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` to 4.50.0.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are updating MSAL.NET to 4.51.0+, there is a chance that `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` will stop returning tokens and throw an exception if you are relying upon it to return tokens to you after the long running process is already initiated and there is a token in the cache for the specified cache key. `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` no longer inspects the cache to acquire tokens. Please use `AcquireTokenInLongRunningProcess` to continue to access the currently active long running process.  The `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi` should only be used to initiate the process. If it is not possible to make these changes quickly, and you are updating to MSAL 4.54.1 or higher, you can use `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi().WithSearchInCacheForLongRunningProcess()` to revert the behavior of `InitiateLongRunningProcessInWebApi`
```
